---
layout: 
title:  "research"
date:   2017-07-14 09:33
categories: 
---



Unite Testing

It reduces the number of bugs released during deployment, making it critical to effective 
software development.It is a form of coding that breaks your software down into specific 
functions then tests each individually for any logic flaws.The goal is to find bugs before 
your customers find them.

Unite tests are created by the developer, so they do require some insight into the code.
The best unit testing will come from a developers even say that writing unit tests help 
them understand the code better.

Unite Testing is typically used for larger projects, Smaller projects can still 
benefit from unit tests, but project, managers and clients should evaluate the time needed 
to develop unit tests during the project.

Unite test can ensure that new additions and changes to large projects dont interfere with 
other sections of the code.

Unite testing can be incrediblily valuable to your project. Most developers will tell you 
that its always necessary.

Levels applicable to
White box testing method is applicable to the following levels of software testing:

Integration testing
-Testing performed to expose defects in the interfaces and in the integrated componets or 
systems.

Componest itegration testing
-Testing performed to expose defects in the ineterfaces and interaction between 
intergrated components.

System testing 
-Testing the integration of systems and packages; testing interfaces to external 
organazations e.g internet.

White box testing:
Testing based on an analysis of the internal structure of the component or system.

Tasks
Unite test plan
-Prepare
-Review
-Rework
-Baseline
Unite test cases/scripts
-Prepare
-Review
-Rework
-Baseline
Unite test
-Perfom
