---
Layout:
Title: "Respect"
Date: 2018-02-07 15:02
Categories:
---

# Respect

Is a positive action towards someone or something most of all to yourself(SelfRespect). Respect is givin to anyone not to only people you know nor to people with higher status but everyone in this world deserves to be respected. This is my view about respect though we have different kind of respects to different people and things such as respect for your parents and society etc.

# Respect for parents

I believe we all feel that we owe our parents the most respect as they are the one carried us and took very good care through out our entire life since we born. People who taught us love, care, respect itself, people who gave us support each an every single step of the way in our lives and to respect ourselves most of all. That is why we always value and respect them and that is the most important respect one needs to give to the parents.

# Respect for society

We now turn to face different forces such as mankind and rules to follow. In this case one needs to have good morals or learn to have morals and having respect because we meet different kind of people and we learn them and we also learn the rules of the place. That is why one needs to respect other's and people's property.

  
# Conclusion

Everyone deserves to be respected and everyone property needs to respected. Respects makes you to be able to live peacefully with other's and also they give you the respect you giving unto them. Therefore everyone will remain happy including yourself. Respecting one's point of view over something it's also good to avoid arguments and disagreements but also be able to put your point of view over something.
